besides from the mainstream vegan
youtubers that you see that are stopping
being vegan that is just a portion of
society that's not everyone that's
leaving veganism is just these youtubers
and everyone else is staying vegan they
represent the cumulative the bigger
picture of vegans that are leaving and
leaving silently that are leaving
quietly because they see the people that
want to attack they want to shoot for
them and send for them make videos and
it's not right you're oppressing humans
you were crossing humans above all
humans are trying to be oppressed by
this this is a conversation about what
is optimum for humans no you see your
crazy friend never heard of the food
chain just ask this scientist
he'll tell you that in nature one
creature invariably eats another to
survive don't kid yourself Jimmy if a
cow ever got the chance he'd eat you and
everyone you care about
and for a human body all these people
that are making these attacks on
everyone else on me here and on Ravana
and roar alignment and Bobby and drew
and you know it's just want a bigger or
the crew that have a soldier in through
this that are empowered that they're
still been through this and stand by
themselves they still speak speak this
truth they still speak it this despite
the attacks and the denial within the
community and I see from the people that
are attacking them mental instability no
real relationship to the physical self
and the real relationship to nature
not in everyone of course not everyone
they're all there are many people that
have these great relationships but there
are people that are vegan have these
relationships but they're not
necessarily the ones making attacks and
are projecting onto others this is why I
say focus on self and that doesn't mean
selfishness and self-love is a very fine
line
nothing beats a stroll in cattle country
hi I'm Troy McClure you may remember me
from such educational films as 2 minus 3
equals negative fun and firecrackers
this silent killer
[Music]
whoa whoa slow down Jimmy you just asked
a mouthful it all starts here in the
high-density feed line then when the
cattle are just right it's time for them
to graduate from bovine university come
on Jimmy let's take a peek at the
killing floor don't let the name throw
you Jimmy it's not really a floor it's
more of a steel grading that allows
material to slough through so it can be
collected and exported and often we can
tell people you'll be unselfish when
they're just acting out of their own
best interest because they love
themselves and they know that that's
more important than sacrificing
themselves
[Music]
and often we can tell people you're
being selfish when they're just acting
out of their own best interest because
they love themselves and they know that
that's more important than sacrificing
themselves and then from a place of
balance and self-love they can have a
healthy life I mean really people like
to disrespect my truth but the fact is
that you know my name is I don't know